Explore standard model (#35)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/Discussion.tex

\section{Discussion}\label{sec:discussion}

> In this section, we investigate the different models to see how each meta-information fields impacts the resulting topics.
> Firstly, we want to investigate the top words within each model.
> We have taken a random article, fromt the dataset and displayed how each model occurs within the document. 
> Before investigating the article below, we need to know a specific color scheme for each model.
> In the article, we have highlighted the highest probable words within the three most occurring topics in the article.
> The article is about agriculture and how farmers are letting their cows out onto grass fields in September. 
> It also mentions a few different farms in the Northen part of Jutland describes these in various ways.
> 
> The way, we are able to compare these models, are by taking the top 200 words for each topic-word distribution within each model and marking them in the article below.
> Since the Author and Category models do not have a document-topic distribution, we can not look at the specific document but we have marked the given category- and author-distribution within the document, to see what the difference in topics are.
> We are looking at the top 3 topics within each model for the specific document.

Author: ```suggestion
In this section, we investigate the different models to see how each meta-information field impacts the resulting topics.
Firstly, we want to investigate the top words within each model.
We have taken a random article, from the dataset and displayed how each model occurs within the document. 
Before investigating the article below, we need to know a specific color scheme for each model.
In the article, we have highlighted the highest probable words within the three most occurring topics in the article.
The article is about agriculture and how farmers are letting their cows out onto grass fields in September. 
It also mentions a few different farms in the Northern part of Jutland describes these in various ways.

The way, we can compare these models, is by taking the top 200 words for each topic-word distribution within each model and marking them in the article below.
Since the Author and Category models do not have a document-topic distribution, we can not look at the specific document but we have marked the given category- and author-distribution within the document, to see what the difference in topics are.
We are looking at the top 3 topics within each model for the specific document.

```

}

> Overall, we see that there is a large amount of overlap between the models, which is interesting, since models use different meta-information to create the various topic distributions.
> This indicates that the models share many of the top words, and indicate a slight deviation between the models due to the meta information.
> The Doc-topic model shows words, like "farming" and "production", which is what the article is mostly about.
> This behavior is to be expected, since the performance of \gls{lda} has been explored and evaluated before. 
> Author-topic specific words are not very present and is only showing three unique words: "byder", "hører" and "børnene".
> This indicates that the Author-topic model has trouble generalizing what the author of this article(Peter Tordrup Larsen) is writing about, since the he has written $5002$ articles. 
> The Category topic model only shows four unique words: "søndag", "leg", "klokken" and "danskere".
> These words are also very abstract and can be used in many different scenarios.
> 
> The very interesting part of this analysis is the words appearing in multiple models.
> Some of the words, within this category are: "arbejdet", "jorden", "dyr" and "norjyske".
> Combining the results these models might yield better topic models, but we can not conclude that based on only one article.
> These summarize the text pretty well, but it is also hard to summarize this text, since it covers a wide variety specific topics.

Author: ```suggestion
Overall, we see that there is a large amount of overlap between the models, which is interesting since models use different meta-information to create the various topic distributions.
This indicates that the models share many of the top words, and indicate a slight deviation between the models due to the meta-information.
The Doc-topic model shows words, like "farming" and "production", which is what the article is mostly about.
This behavior is to be expected since the performance of \gls{lda} has been explored and evaluated before. 
Author-topic specific words are not very present and are only showing three unique words: "byder", "hører" and "børnene".
This indicates that the Author-topic model has trouble generalizing what the author of this article(Peter Tordrup Larsen) is writing about since then he has written $5002$ articles. 
The Category topic model only shows four unique words: "søndag", "leg", "klokken" and "danskere".
These words are also very abstract and can be used in many different scenarios.

The very interesting part of this analysis is the words appearing in multiple models.
Some of the words, within this category are: "arbejdet", "jorden", "dyr" and "norjyske".
Combining the results these models might yield better topic models, but we can not conclude that based on only one article.
These summarize the text pretty well, but it is also hard to summarize this text since it covers a wide variety of specific topics.

```

\section{Discussion}\label{sec:discussion}
In this section, we investigate the different models to see how each meta-information field impacts the resulting topics.
Firstly, we want to investigate the top words within each model.

> We have taken a random article, from the dataset and displayed how each model occurs within the document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have taken a random article from the dataset and visualized how each model occurs within the document. 
```

> We have taken a random article, from the dataset and displayed how each model occurs within the document. 

Reviewer 2: 'how each model occurs within the document'
kan ikke lide denne formulering..

> Before investigating the article below, we need to know a specific color scheme for each model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before investigating the article below, we define a specific color scheme for each model.

```

In the article, we have highlighted the highest probable words within the three most occurring topics in the article.
The article is about agriculture and how farmers are letting their cows out onto grass fields in September. 

> It also mentions a few different farms in the Northern part of Jutland describes these in various ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also mentions a few different farms in the Northern part of Jutland and describes these in various ways.
```

> The way, we can compare these models, is by taking the top 200 words for each topic-word distribution within each model and marking them in the article below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way we can compare these models, is by taking the top 200 words for each topic-word distribution within each model and marking them in the article below.
```

> Since the Author and Category models do not have a document-topic distribution, we can not look at the specific document but we have marked the given category- and author-distribution within the document, to see what the difference in topics are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Author and Category models do not have a document-topic distribution we can not look at the specific document, but instead we have marked the words from the given category- and author-topic distribution within the document, to see what the difference in topics are.
```

> We are looking at the top 3 topics within each model for the specific document.

Reviewer 2: Jeg syntes det gør det en smule svært at få meget ud af artiklen da det ikke bare er et topic fra hver model men flere.
Ved ikke om der er en god måde at markere ord som værende fra samme topic men tror det ville hjælpe.

Reviewer: Ja, det kan være værd at prøve kun at tage det højest sandsynlige topic og tage ord fra den, da topic 2 og 3 nogle gange har meget lille sandsynlighed.

Author: Har ændret det til at vi kigger kun på et topic

\begin{table}[h]
	\centering

> 	\caption{Color scheme for each model}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\caption{Color scheme for each model.}
```

	\begin{tabular}{l|c}
		Topic Model & Color \\
		\midrule
		\Acrlong{lda} & \colorbox{red}{Red} \\

> 		Author-Topic Model & \colorbox{blue}{Blue} \\

Reviewer 2: denne farve er for mørk til at læse.

Author: jeg skal nok kigge på at finde nogle andre farver

}

> Overall, we see that there is a large amount of overlap between the models, which is interesting since models use different meta-information to create the various topic distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, we see that there is a large amount of overlap between the models, which is interesting since the models use different meta-information to create the various topic distributions.
```

> This indicates that the models share many of the top words, and indicate a slight deviation between the models due to the meta-information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This indicates that the models share many of the top words, while also indicating a slight deviation between the models due to the meta-information.
```

> The Doc-topic model shows words, like "farming" and "production", which is what the article is mostly about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The \gls{lda} model shows words like "landbrug" (agriculture) and "produktion" (production), which is what the article is mostly about.
```

This behavior is to be expected since the performance of \gls{lda} has been explored and evaluated before. 

> Author-topic specific words are not very present and are only showing three unique words: "byder", "hører" and "børnene".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Author-topic specific words are not very present and are only showing three unique words: "byder", "hører", and "børnene".
```

> This indicates that the Author-topic model has trouble generalizing what the author of this article(Peter Tordrup Larsen) is writing about since then he has written $5002$ articles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This indicates that the Author-topic model has trouble generalizing what the author of this article (Peter Tordrup Larsen) is writing about, possibly because he has written $5002$ articles in our dataset. 
```

> The Category topic model only shows four unique words: "søndag", "leg", "klokken" and "danskere".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Category-topic model only shows four unique words: "søndag", "leg", "klokken", and "danskere".
```

These words are also very abstract and can be used in many different scenarios.

> The very interesting part of this analysis is the words appearing in multiple models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interesting part of this analysis is the words appearing in multiple models.
```

> Some of the words, within this category are: "arbejdet", "jorden", "dyr" and "norjyske".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the words within this category are: "arbejdet", "jorden", "dyr" and "nordjyske".
```

> Combining the results these models might yield better topic models, but we can not conclude that based on only one article.
> These summarize the text pretty well, but it is also hard to summarize this text since it covers a wide variety of specific topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These words summarize the text pretty well, but it is also hard to summarize this text since it covers a wide variety of specific topics.
Combining the results of these models might yield better topic models, but we can not conclude that based on only one article.
There is also the possibility that choosing another random article would give completely different numbers of marked words per model, because this highly depends on the article's author and category.
```
Byttet sætningerne om og tilføjet lidt om hvis en anden artikel blev valgt.

\section{Discussion}\label{sec:discussion}
In this section, we investigate the different models to see how each meta-information field impacts the resulting topics.
Firstly, we want to investigate the top words within each model.

> We have taken a random article from the dataset and visualized how each model occurs within the document. 

Reviewer 2: kan stadig ikke lide formlueringen 'occour', ville ikke mene at et model opstår i et dokument.
Har lavet et forslag, men kan ikke så godt lide det heller :/
```suggestion
We have taken a random article from the dataset and visualized the presence of topics from different models within the document.
```

Author: ```suggestion
We have taken a random article from the dataset and visualized how the topics differ between the models. 
```

This indicates that the models share many of the top words, while also indicating a slight deviation between the models due to the meta-information.
The \gls{lda} model shows words like "landbrug" (agriculture) and "produktion" (production), which is what the article is mostly about.
This behavior is to be expected since the performance of \gls{lda} has been explored and evaluated before. 
Author-topic specific words are not very present and are only showing three unique words: "byder", "hører", and "børnene".
This indicates that the Author-topic model has trouble generalizing what the author of this article (Peter Tordrup Larsen) is writing about, possibly because he has written $5002$ articles in our dataset.
Another aspect of the Author-Topic model is that the authors writing these articles might not be specifically writing about a certain subject, which explains why there is only three not important words marked here. 
The Category-topic model only shows four unique words: "søndag", "leg", "klokken", and "danskere".
These words are also very abstract and can be used in many different scenarios.

An interesting part of this analysis is the words appearing in multiple models.

> Some of the words within this category are: "arbejdet", "jorden", "dyr" and "nordjyske".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the words within this category are: "arbejdet", "jorden", "dyr", and "nordjyske".
```

}

Overall, we see that there is a large amount of overlap between the models, which is interesting since the models use different meta-information to create the various topic distributions.
This indicates that the models share many of the top words, while also indicating a slight deviation between the models due to the meta-information.
The \gls{lda} model shows words like "landbrug" (agriculture) and "produktion" (production), which is what the article is mostly about.
This behavior is to be expected since the performance of \gls{lda} has been explored and evaluated before. 
Author-topic specific words are not very present and are only showing three unique words: "byder", "hører", and "børnene".
This indicates that the Author-topic model has trouble generalizing what the author of this article (Peter Tordrup Larsen) is writing about, possibly because he has written $5002$ articles in our dataset.

> Another aspect of the Author-Topic model is that the authors writing these articles might not be specifically writing about a certain subject, which explains why there is only three not important words marked here. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another aspect of the Author-Topic model is that the authors writing these articles most likely do not write about just one subject, which explains why there is only three less important words marked here. 
```
